MMTeX is a distribution of TeX and as such contains mainly works of others.
Licenses of such works are included in the distribution. The few changes that
were made to to these works, as well as build files of MMTeX distribution are
available at https://github.com/vlasakm/mmtex. For license of MMTeX build files
see LICENSE.mmtex.

"luatex" binary is compiled from LuaTeX sources, which you can find at
http://luatex.org/download.html. It is distributed according to the terms of
GPLv2 license. The binary contains also these libraries, whose licenses are
also included in the distribution:
 - Lua (PUC-Rio, under MIT license),
 - Kpathsea (Karl Berry, Olaf Weber and others, under LGPLv2.1 license)

Hyphenation patterns come from "hyph-ut8" package
(https://github.com/hyphenation/tex-hyphen, Mojca Miklavec, Arthur Rosendahl,
MIT license), but the individual pattern files (hyph-*.tex) are by different
authors and available under different licenses. See them for more information.

"lipsum.sty", "cicero.ltd.tex" and "lipsum.ltd.tex" originate from "lipsum"
package (https://github.com/patta42/lipsum, Patrick Happel, under LPPLv1.3).

Files in the "lualibs" directory come from "lualibs"
(https://github.com/latex3/lualibs, LaTeX3 Project, PRAGMA ADE, ConTeXt
developers, under GPLv2).

Files in the "luamplib" directory come from "luamplib"
(https://github.com/lualatex/luamplib, LuaLaTeX team, Hans Hagen, Taco
Hoekwater, Elie Roux, Manuel Pégourié-Gonnard, Philipp Gesang and Kim Dohyun,
under GPLv2).

Files in the "luaotfload" directory come from "luaotfload"
(https://github.com/latex3/luaotfload, Luaotfload Development Team, ConTeXt
developers, under GPLv2).

Files in the "optex" directory come from "OpTeX", (http://petr.olsak.net/optex/,
Petr Olšák).

Files in the "unicode-data" directory come from Unicode, Inc
(https://www.unicode.org/Public/UNIDATA/, Unicode, Inc., see LICENSE.unicode).

Files in the "metapost" directory come from "Metapost"
(https://tug.org/metapost.html, https://serveur-svn.lri.fr/svn/modhel/metapost/,
John Hobby, Public Domain).

Files:
 - rsfs5.pfb
 - rsfs5.afm
 - rsfs7.pfb
 - rsfs7.afm
 - rsfs10.pfb
 - rsfs10.afm
come from "rsfs" package (https://www.ctan.org/pkg/rsfs, Ralph Smith, Taco
Hoekwater, provided under following conditions: "You are welcome to use and
distribute these files; if you modify them, please change the name but give
credit to the original author!").
